c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.exe.config
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.csproj.Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.exe.config
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo_Cáo_Sử_Dụng.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo_Cáo_Sử_Dụng.frmBaoCaoSuDung.resources
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.exe
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.pdb
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AttachFile.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AxInterop.vbVidC60.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\BADT_Database.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\BaoDong.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Base2.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CDHA-DICOM.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CheckList.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\ChonFile.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Data.AdoDotNetInterop.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\CSCore.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DatabaseV2.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DataGridViewGrouper.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\dichso.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DirectX.Capture.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DllCheckList.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DLLMapping.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DllNgaygio.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DMThongTu.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\doiso.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DShowNET.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E002_QuanLyPhongGiuong.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_API_VienPhi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Base.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Bus.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Common.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Control.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_ControlNew.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Helpers.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Model.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_Report.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_STT.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E00_System.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E01_HeThong.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E02_BenhNhan.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E02_Duoc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E02_QuanLyPhongGiuong.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\E04_VienPhi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Excel.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\FastColoredTextBox.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\FingerApp.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HIS.SOFT.KB.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISDanhmuc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISDuoc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISFactory.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISLIS.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISNgonNgu.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISNoiTru.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISReport.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISRIS.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISToltal.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\HISVienphi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LCDPK.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibDal.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibDatabase.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibDuoc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibLicense.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibList.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibMD.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibMedi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibNetSend.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibReport.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibUtility.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LibVienphi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\LichTruc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\MaskedBox.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\MaskedTextBox.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Medisoft.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualBasic.PowerPacks.Vs.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\MultiColumnListBox.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\PhatAmThanh.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\QuanLyHoSoBenhAn.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\QuanLyPhongGiuong.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\QuanLyTaiSan.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\TAEditor.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\TaoSoLieu.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\TA_MessageBox.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\testc.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoGrid.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoScript.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoScript.EditorLib.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\UserControlDateTimes.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\UserControlTimeHA.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\UserSothe.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\VienPhi.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\VienPhiExtension.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\VietKeyInput.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\vnConvert.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\XemKQCLS.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\ê.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Duoc.exe
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoGridEditor.exe
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.dll
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.xml
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.xml
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.exe
c:\users\dinht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\obj\Debug\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng.pdb
C:\Users\Dinht\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\Báo Cáo Sử Dụng\bin\Debug\Bytescout.BarCode.dll
